README.md, before:

# readme-generator <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg">
    
## Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [Repository](#repository)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [Testing](#testing)
* [Questions](#questions)

## Description
Creates a formatted README.md file using Node.js.  You are prompted with several questions, including title, description, license, etc.  From this input, the readme is created.

## Repository
https://github.com/gehanstedt/readme-generator

## Installation
Install Node.js (recommend 14.15.0) from https://nodejs.org.  

Fork repo and clone down to your system.  

In the cloned directory, initialize Node package manager - npm init.  

Install npm package "inquirer" - npm install inquirer.  

If you will commit back to GitHub, recommend addding a .gitignore file to ignore directories node_modules and .DS_Store. 

## Usage
From where the repo was installed, run: 

node readme-generator.js [output_file]

By default, readme-generator creates a file called NEWREADME.md.  But, you can change this by specifying a file name.  The file created will be in Markdown format.

## License
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg"> MIT License

https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

## Contributing
Please contact me (information in Questions section) for guidance on contributing and pull requests.

## Testing
readme-generator was tested on Node.js 14.15.0 on Windows 10.  This README was also created with it.

## Questions
GitHub Portal:  https://github.com/gehanstedt

Email:  spamgreghere@gmail.com

Generated by readme-generator.js - Copyright ©2020 G Dog Enterprises

Commit message:

Added Content-URL option for web sites.  Added README.md content.

README.md, after:

# readme-generator <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg">
    
## Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [Repository](#repository)
* [Content-URL](#content-url)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [Testing](#testing)
* [Questions](#questions)

## Description
Creates a formatted README.md file using Node.js.  You are prompted with several questions, including title, description, license, etc.  From this input, the readme is created.

## Repository
https://github.com/gehanstedt/readme-generator

## Content-URL
(none)

## Installation
Install Node.js (recommend 14.15.0) from https://nodejs.org.  

Fork repo and clone down to your system.  

In the cloned directory, initialize Node package manager - ```npm init```.  

Install npm package "inquirer" - ```npm install inquirer```.  

If you will commit back to GitHub, recommend addding a .gitignore file to ignore directories node_modules and .DS_Store. 

If you are using Chrome, you may wish to add Markdown Viewer to make it easier to see the Mardown text properly formatted.  You can obtain at:
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/markdown-viewer/ckkdlimhmcjmikdlpkmbgfkaikojcbjk?hl=en.
Also note that you'll need to enable viewing of local files in the settings of Markdown Viewer.

## Usage
From where the repo was installed, run: 

```node readme-generator.js [output_file] ```

By default, readme-generator creates a file called NEWREADME.md.  But, you can change this by specifying a file name.  The file created will be in Markdown format.

## License
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg"> MIT License

https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

## Contributing
Please contact me (information in Questions section) for guidance on contributing and pull requests.

## Testing
readme-generator was tested on Node.js 14.15.0 on Windows 10.  This README was also created with it.

## Questions
GitHub Portal:  https://github.com/gehanstedt

Email:  spamgreghere@gmail.com

Generated by readme-generator.js - Copyright ©2020 G Dog Enterprises
